<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
       "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html xml:lang="ja" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title>関連資料</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="css/book.css" type="text/css"/><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8"/><meta name="EPB-UUID" content="f9202370-6e5d-44d5-b924-02b34d51163d"/></head><body><div class="body"><h1>関連資料</h1><p>本書をお読みいただき、ありがとうございました！</p><p>パターンについての書籍を執筆して最もよかったことのひとつは、取り上げるべきパターンがまだいくらでもあるということです。そうです、つまりは続編を書けるということです！私に探求してほしいインクルーシブパターンがあるという方は、Twitterで @heydonworks に声をかけてください。また、本書の誤りや誤植（あると思います！）に気付いた方は、私またはSmashing Magazineにご連絡ください。<a href="http://smashed.by/errata"><span class="link">正誤表ページ</span></a>を更新します。</p><p>では最後に、インクルーシブデザインに関連するおすすめの参考資料をご紹介します。レスポンシブデザインからUX、技術的なアクセシビリティ、パフォーマンス、国際化まで、すべてをカバーしています。</p>
       <h2>書籍</h2>
       <ul><li><a href="http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9781933820972.do"><em><span class="link">A Web For Everyone</span></em></a> by Sarah Horton and Whitney Quesenbery</li><li><a href="https://shop.smashingmagazine.com/products/apps-for-all"><em><span class="link">Apps For All</span></em></a> by Heydon Pickering</li><li><a href="http://www.peachpit.com/store/designing-with-web-standards-9780321616951"><em><span class="link">Designing With Web Standards</span></em></a> by Jeffrey Zeldman with Ethan Marcotte</li><li><a href="http://adaptivewebdesign.info/"><em><span class="link">Adaptive Web Design</span></em></a> by Aaron Gustafson</li><li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Design_of_Everyday_Things"><em><span class="link">The Design Of Everyday Things</span></em></a> by Donald A Norman</li><li><a href="https://gumroad.com/l/loura11y"><em><span class="link">Colour Accessibility</span></em></a> by Geri Coady</li><li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_Make_Me_Think"><em><span class="link">Don’t Make Me Think</span></em></a> by Steve Krug</li><li><a href="https://abookapart.com/products/responsible-responsive-design"><em><span class="link">Responsible Responsive Design</span></em></a> by Scott Jehl</li><li><a href="http://andydavies.me/books/#webperformance"><em><span class="link">Web Performance</span></em></a> by Andy Davis</li><li><a href="http://www.maban.co.uk/projects/front-end-style-guides/"><em><span class="link">Front-end Style Guides</span></em></a> by Anna Debenham</li><li><a href="https://gumroad.com/l/international-user-research"><em><span class="link">International User Research</span></em></a> by Chui Chui Tan</li><li><a href="http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19904558-service-design"><em><span class="link">Service Design: From Insight To Implementation</span></em></a> by Andy Polaine, Lavrans Løvlie, Ben Reason</li><li><a href="https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/design-meets-disability"><em><span class="link">Design Meets Disability</span></em></a> by Graham Pullin</li><li><a href="https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/the-joy-of/9780134277790/"><em><span class="link">The Joy of UX — User Experience and Interactive Design for Developers</span></em></a> by David Platt</li><li><a href="http://www.hassellinclusion.com/landing/book/"><em><span class="link">Including Your Missing 20% By Embedding Web And Mobile Accessibility</span></em></a> by Jonathan Hassell</li><li><a href="https://abookapart.com/products/design-for-real-life"><em><span class="link">Design For Real Life</span></em></a> by Eric Meyer &amp; Sara Wachter-Boettcher</li><li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Timeless_Way_of_Building"><em><span class="link">The Timeless Way Of Building</span></em></a> by Christopher Alexander</li></ul>
       <h2>ブログ</h2>
       <ul><li><a href="https://www.marcozehe.de/"><span class="link">Marco’s Accessibility Blog</span></a></li><li><a href="https://www.paciellogroup.com/blog/"><span class="link">The Paciello Group’s blog</span></a></li><li><a href="https://a11ywins.tumblr.com/"><span class="link">Accessibility Wins</span></a></li><li><a href="http://tink.uk/"><span class="link">Tink.uk</span></a> (Léonie Watson)</li><li><a href="http://adrianroselli.com/"><span class="link">Adrian Roselli</span></a></li><li><a href="http://simplyaccessible.com/articles/"><span class="link">Simply Accessible’s blog</span></a></li><li><a href="http://www.webaxe.org/"><span class="link">Web Axe</span></a> (Dennis Lembrée)</li><li><a href="http://webaim.org/blog/"><span class="link">Web Aim’s blog</span></a></li><li><a href="http://www.karlgroves.com/"><span class="link">Karl Groves</span></a></li><li><a href="http://www.ssbbartgroup.com/blog/"><span class="link">SSB Bart Group’s blog</span></a></li><li><a href="http://www.deque.com/blog/"><span class="link">Deque’s blog</span></a></li><li><a href="http://terrillthompson.com/blog/"><span class="link">Terrill Thompson</span></a></li><li><a href="https://www.nngroup.com/articles/"><span class="link">The Nielsen Norman Group blog</span></a></li><li><a href="https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk/"><span class="link">The GOV.UK accessibility blog</span></a></li><li><a href="http://www.lukew.com/ff/"><span class="link">lukew</span></a> (Luke Wroblewski)</li><li><a href="http://www.uxbooth.com/articles/styling-forms-accessibly/"><span class="link">UX Booth Accessibility</span></a></li></ul>
       <h2>Smashing Magazineのその他の書籍</h2>
       <ul><li><em>Apps For All: Coding Accessible Web Applications</em><br />by Heydon Pickering</li><li><em>Hardboiled Web Design: Fifth Anniversary Edition</em><br />by Andy Clarke</li><li><em>Smashing Book #5: Real-Life Responsive Web Design</em><br />Our latest web community book with chapters contributed by John Allsopp, Daniel Mall, Vitaly Friedman, Eileen Webb, Sara Soueidan, Zoe M. Gillenwater, Bram Stein, Yoav Weiss, Fabio Carneiro, Tom Maslen, Ben Callahan and Andy Clarke.</li><li><em>Digital Adaptation</em><br />by Paul Boag</li><li><em>Smashing Book #4: New Perspectives On Web Design</em><br />Our 4th web community book written by Harry Roberts, Nicholas Zakas, Christian Heilmann, Tim Kadlec, Mat Marquis, Addy Osmani, Aaron Gustafson, Paul Tero, Marko Dugonjić, Corey Vilhauer, Rachel Andrew, Nishant Kothary and Christopher Murphy.</li></ul>
       <p>全書籍のリストは<a href="https://www.smashingmagazine.com/books/"><span class="link">smashingmagazine.com/books/</span></a>をご覧ください。</p></div></body></html>
